feat: add documentation for default permissions (#23)
ForestAdmin/documentation-user-guide: project-settings/teams-and-users/manage-roles.md

- _Delete_: delete a record of this collection
- _Export_: export the list of records of this collection

### Default permissions <a href="#default-permissions" id="default-permissions"></a>

_Default permissions_ allow you to choose default permissions for each newly created Collection or Smart Action.

Here is the initial configuration for a new role:
* Smart Actions
  |Trigger| Require approval  | Approve| Self approve| 
  | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | 
  | :heavy_check_mark: | - | - | - | - |
* Collections:
  | Read (list) | Read (details) | Create | Update | Delete | Export |
  |  :-: |  :-: |  :-: |  :-: |  :-: |  :-: |

>   | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |:heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: | 

Reviewer: The end result does not look great
![Screenshot 2023-09-14 at 08 38 55](https://github.com/ForestAdmin/documentation-user-guide/assets/664261/1f723c3e-922c-4ef4-b389-1b506e9cf737)

You can access the preview by clicking on GitHub checks details related to GitBook. 

1. We should remove the list style for Smart Actions and Collections.
2. Maybe the horizontal display idea like in the app is not a great idea, and so we should go vertical to prevent horizontal scroll.

Author: It looks much better in a vertical table

{% hint style="info" %}

> For projects with high security standards, although it implies more manual opt-in activation, it is advised to reduce these default permissions at least in production, to prevent excessive rights in operators hands.

Reviewer: Just a rewording for a clearer explanation:
```suggestion
For projects with high security standards, although this involves more frequent manual activation, it is advisable to reduce these default permissions, at least for your production environment. Il will avoid excessive accesses being automatically granted to operators, when a new Collection or Smart Action is released.
```
(I didn’t expect my comment words to be taken as is, sorry)

Author: Sorry I thought it looked great so I took it 😅

- _Delete_: delete a record of this collection
- _Export_: export the list of records of this collection

### Default permissions <a href="#default-permissions" id="default-permissions"></a>

> _Default permissions_ allow you to choose default permissions for you newly created smart actions and collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Default permissions_ allow you to choose default permissions for each newly created Collection or Smart Action.
```

> You can configure it for both smart actions and collections.

Reviewer: A bit redondant with the sentence above.

> For the new roles, here are the values of the default permissions: 

Reviewer: Here is the initial configuration for a new role:

> * Smart actions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Smart Actions: 
```

  * Trigger: :heavy_check_mark:
  * Require approval: -
  * Approve: -
  * Self approve: -
* Collections:
  * Read (list): :heavy_check_mark:
  *	Read (details): :heavy_check_mark:
  * Create: :heavy_check_mark:
  * Update: :heavy_check_mark:
  * Delete: :heavy_check_mark:

>   * Export: :heavy_check_mark:

Reviewer: Your should create an array to make it more readable and make it look like the settings in app.

> 

Reviewer: We should suggest with a `hint` that for projects with high security standards, although it implies more manual opt-in activation, it is advised to reduce these default permissions at least in production, to prevent excessive rights in operators hands.

- _Delete_: delete a record of this collection
- _Export_: export the list of records of this collection

### Default permissions <a href="#default-permissions" id="default-permissions"></a>

_Default permissions_ allow you to choose default permissions for each newly created Collection or Smart Action.

Here is the initial configuration for a new role:

> Smart Actions

Reviewer: [Consistency] With or without ":", up to you but should be consistent

|Permission| Value |
| :- | :-: |
| Trigger| :heavy_check_mark: |
| Require approval  | - |
| Approve| - |
| Self approve| - |
  

> Collections:

Reviewer: [Consistency] With or without ":", up to you but should be consistent
